MADDY [DREAMING]: It's broken.
It's broken.
It's almost time.
Bacon.
RHYDIAN [IN MADDY'S DREAM]: Use
your wolfy powers and see
how long it takes for someone
to find out what you are.
MADDY [DREAMING]: I'm just fed
up with lying all the time.
I can't even tell my
friends who I am.
RHYDIAN [IN MADDY'S DREAM]: It's
got to be cool having a
family you can be
yourself around.
It's not nice to be accused
of lying, you know.
MADDY [DREAMING]: Sometimes I
wonder, is it possible to stay
friends with them?
I mean, how well do they
really know us?
-Thought my picture
ought to show what
family is really about?
What being in the pack
means to me.
-Rhydian!
-What's wrong, Maddy?
Are you ashamed of
your own family?
[bell ringing]
[alarm ringing]
-Rhydian!
-Are you all right, Mads?
-It's cartoon Jimi.
What do you think?
-Sorry.
I actually wanted
to say, sorry.
[theme music playing]
THEME SONG: A promise that I
keep, I'll never share, I'll
never speak.
To my grave the secret goes.
The beating heart, the
beating heart.
Where mystic creatures
wandered far.
Through these veins
a wolfblood flows.
-Hi Bernie.
-Hi.
-When did these pets
go missing?
-Last few days.
Why?
Think it's your beast from
the prowl, dear?
-You know about that?
-Ah, I hear thinks.
-Like what?
-Aw, come on.
It's just kids gossip.
Pay no attention.
Check out the local paper.
Page five's got a story about
farm animals being attacked,
was well as those pets.
Oh, but you read
it, you buy it.
[sneezing]
-My family have officially
left the building.
-Let the sleepover begin.
OK, this is gonna sound really
lame, but can you remember
when we were seven and
we use to make
those friendship bracelets?
Well, I found the case, and I
thought we could make some
bracelets while we talk.
What's going on?
-Don't get mad, but I thought
we might spend the
night on the moors.
-What?
What do you mean?
Why?
-The beast is back, Maddy.
And I think I know where
I can find it.
Sort of find it.
Let's just say, I think I
know where it might be.
-How do you know it's ba--
I mean, if actually is?
-Pets have gone missing, farm
animals have been attacked.
-Since when?
-Since a few days ago.
This is our best chance
to see it, Maddy.
And I've worked out
its movements.
-But if it's alive and attacking
animals, what makes
you think it's safe for us?
Look what happened
last time, Shan.
Have you even thought
about this?
-Yes, I have.
And I thought if we just stuck
together and looked out for
each, you know, that's what
friends are supposed to do.
-I thought you wanted to talk?
-We are talking.
-Look, I'm sorry.
I just wanted a proper
sleep-over, you know.
Bracelets, cheesy nachos,
even cheesier movies.
-It's out there, right now.
-Look, I know how important
this is to you.
-You have no idea.
Everyone thinks I'm
the town weirdo.
-No, they don't.
-Yes, they do.
Look, my parents took me to
see a doctor, and they've
thought about medication.
I've got to see a
psychiatrist.
-What?
Why?
-Because of what I
said about you.
Look, I need to know if there's
something out there.
I need to know that I'm not
going completely crazy.
-Oh, Shannon, you're not,
you're really not.
-Look, don't patronize me.
I told my mum you
were a werewolf.
Now give me one good reason
why that makes me sane.
-Because--
because the beast is
real, and we're
going to find it, tonight.
-Oh, that can't be them
already, can it?
Look, you won't tell
the boys about the
psychiatrist, will you?
-Of course not.
-Hey.
-You're early.
-Nice to see you, too.
I'm cooking, remember?
-Oh, yeah.
-Is anything different
about me?
-No.
-New jacket from Manchester.
Dad brought it down.
Cool, eh?
-Well, it's totally
impractical.
You're gonna have to change.
-Wuh-- why?
-Because you're going
to freeze.
I'll find you something
else to wear.
-OK.
[sneezing]
-What's wrong with Shannon?
-We're going beast
hunting tonight.
-What?
No way!
I'm tired of being out int
the dark and cold.
-Tom, she needs this.
-Yeah, and I need to tune
in front of the TV.
That was the plan, Mads.
-This is more important.
-Why?
What's happened?
-She just really needs
one right now, OK?
She needs to know we're
on her side.
-Fine.
I'm eating before we go.
-How many you cooking for?
-I wasn't too sure
how much to get.
So I got one kilo each.
-Didn't you see that was
just far too much?
-Yeah, but I didn't want to seem
like an idiot in front of
the butcher so I asked for
a meat feast for 12.
-Good deal I'm starving.
-Uh, better take off my
new jacket, then, eh?
-Yeah.
Tom, you know we've been
friends, like, forever.
-Feels like forever, yeah.
-But seriously, we
are true friends.
-Yeah, of course.
And you tell your true friends
everything, right?
Like, even if it is shocking?
Like a secret, something
you don't want
anyone else to know.
-Is this why you've been
so off with me?
-What?
-Cause you know I fancy you.
-It was just a crush, right?
-Ye--yeah, I know.
-But you didn't say anything.
So I know you knew.
Like, you did know, right?
-No, yeah.
I--
I know.
-Yeah.
Sorry if I embarrassed you.
-No.
Uh--
-Did you have any feelings
about it?
-Feelings?
-Feelings.
-I--
I didn't give it a second
thought, but--
-Oh, All right, fine.
Forget it.
-No, Tom, I--
-No obviously it wasn't
worth thinking about.
[doorbell ringing]
-Tom, I found you a jacket.
You're early, too.
-Is that bad?
What?
-Just checking.
-Boots?
--Boots.
You didn't smell or
sense anything?
-No.
-Me neither.
-So she's wrong.
-Maybe not.
Maybe it's smart.
SHANNON [OFFSCREEN]:
Are you two coming?
-Just trying to get
these boots on.
So let's say, it is the
wild wolfblood.
So it lives on the moors,
sometimes comes foraging in
new territory, and can
mask it's own scent.
How does seeing it
help Shannon?
-Her family thinks
she's crazy.
I mean, seriously crazy.
Shannon's starting to wonder
if they're right.
She needs to know it's real.
And we're going to help her,
even it means one us
transforming to do it.
-What?
SHANNON [OFFSCREEN]:
Maddy, Rhydian!
-Coming.
[sneezing]
-OK, this is us.
And according to newspapers,
the Parkers lost two sheep
three days ago.
Howdale, lost a ram
just last week.
And we've got Highfield, and
Barfield that both lost
animals last night.
And then we have Wilson,
[inaudible], and Hermione.
So, if we just join the dots
together, we get--
-It's circling the village.
-Exactly.
And it's clearly not feeding
in the same place twice.
So we need to be somewhere
around here.
[sneezing]
-I don't think Maddy ought to be
going out with a cold like
this.
-I'll be fine, Rhydian.
-Do you [inaudible]?
-It doesn't matter.
-It does matter.
-Maybe the boys are right.
-They're not right.
I'm coming with you.
-I'll go have a word with her.
-She's clearly made
her mind up.
Tell her I'm sorry.
-Shan.
-I'm looking for a cold cure.
-Has Maddy spoken
to you about me?
-No.
-Not about when I fancied
her, or--
-No.
-Nothing?
-Why?
-I just thought maybe if you
suddenly found out your best
friend fancied you, you'd
think about it.
Maybe even talk about it to
your other best friend.
-Yeah.
But she is going through
a phase, isn't she?
-Like you, like me.
Sometimes it's just best
not to talk about it.
-I see.
So my face isn't worth thinking
about, yet yours has
us running into the
woods every single
time you shout beast.
-If that's how you
feel, don't come.
-Well, maybe I won't.
-Ah, good.
-Good?
Does nobody pay attention
to what I've got to say?
Shannon.
-What?
-Beginning to feel
about my jacket.
-And what if is it out there?
What if it attacks us again?
-We defend ourselves.
-What?
As wolves, in front
of our friends?
-Well, maybe it's time
they find out.
I'm having stress dreams.
-Now who's the crazy one?
-I can't keep lying
to them, Rhydian.
Look what it's done
to Shannon.
-You'll feel it ten times worse
when they broadcasting
the news to rest of the world.
-They wouldn't do that.
-Well, how do you know that?
What if they can't handle it?
What if you fall
out with them?
-I'll take that risk.
-This isn't about you.
It's about all of us, me, your
mum and dad, all wolfbloods.
-And my friends will
understand that.
-But you need friendship
as an excuse.
This is about you
feeling guilty.
-It's about me living
truthfully for once.
-You can't for a reason.
Why is there wolfbloods who have
kept themselves hidden
for so many years?
Even the wild one's.
It's because human beings
wipe most of us out.
Or is your dad lying
about all that?
-Am I interrupting something?
-No, of course not.
-All right. well, this is the
only cold remedy I could find.
It's aconite.
One of my mum's homeopathic
remedies.
-What, you mean one of those New
Age, unscientific things
you don't believe in?
-Yep, it's basically
sugar pills
covered in plant extracts.
They sort of just make you
think yourself better.
All right, open.
Right.
If that doesn't work,
pop in another one.
They can't run you down.
-You can't tell them, Mads.
This is my secret, too.
-Sorry, Rhydian, but I can't
live like this anymore.
-Maddy.
-When the times right--
-Maddy
- --I'll do what I have to.
-Stop it.
-Do you smell those burgers?
-Maddy, no.
-I'm starving.
-I need meat.
-You're not going in there.
Can't you smell it?
RHYDIAN [OFFSCREEN]: I'm not
letting you do this.
MADDY [REMEMBERING]:
Let me go.
Ugh!
Argh!
-You need the bathroom.
-I need meat.
Ugh!
Ooh!
-What's happening?
-Uh, Maddy's sick.
-I'm not sick.
I'm hungry.
You stop!
-Maddy.
-Look, look.
Do you want your friends
to see you like this?
TOM [OFFSCREEN]: Maddy?
-I'll be down in a minute.
I'm just feeling a bit weird.
-Turn your wolf off.
-This isn't me.
-Well it must be.
[knocking]
-I'm being sick.
SHANNON [OFFSCREEN]: Maddy.
-It's not.
-Your not doing this?
-No, I swear.
TOM [OFFSCREEN]: Maddy.
-The pill.
-What?
-This happened after
you took that pill.
-Like an allergic reaction?
-Maybe.
-Rhydian, open the door.
[knocking]
SHANNON [OFFSCREEN]: Maddy.
-How do I turn it off?
-All right , stay here,
lock the door.
-You can't open--
-She's in a bad way,
temperature's through the
roof.
-Since when are you
a medical expert?
Look, my mum's a doctor.
Let me look at her.
-No, she's being sick.
I should take her home.
-I can take her home.
-Well, you're cooking.
-What is it with you, Rhydian?
Why do you want to get
Maddy on her own?
-I'm not.
-Yes you are.
Just admit you fancy her
and stop pretending.
-I'm not pretending.
-Boys!
We will all take her home.
-But that's pointless.
I can do it.
Shannon.
Shannon, Shannon.
Where you going?
He's just jealous, that's all.
Shannon.
-If we all take her, we can go
on to the moors from there.
-It's on the other side
of the village.
Look, if I take Maddy home,
then you can just go from
here, with Rhydian.
-You'll do anything to get out
of this beast hunt, won't you?
-No, I'm just thinking
about Maddy.
[smoke detector beeping]
-Ah, the burgers!
-Maddy.
-Can't you smell it?
I'm ravenous.
-You're not going down there.
-I need meat!
-Wait, you've got to see this.
-I noticed Rhydian's
vanished again.
-Stupid thing.
How do you turn it off?
-He's gone back to
the bathroom.
-This says aconite is also
known as wolfsbane.
[knocking]
TOM [OFFSCREEN]: Maddy?
-In folklore, consuming
wolfsbane was
supposed to turn people--
[knocking]
TOM [OFFSCREEN]: You decent?
- --into werewolves, which is
obviously rubbish, unless--
-You're a wolfblood.
-Exactly.
How to protect from
werewolves.
What to do when a
werewolf bites.
-I wasn't eavesdropping.
I just wondered what you
and Rhydian were up to.
-Anecdote to wolfsbane.
-Tom.
You smell yummy.
-I do?
-This is it.
Thistle root is said to
quiet the werewolf.
[sniffing]
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You said you didn't give me
a second thought before.
-You didn't smell like
this before.
-Well, this is just-- just
cheap aftershave from
Bernie's, Mads.
[growling]
-I'm going to go make burgers.
-Maddy!
[smoke detector beeping]
-That girl definitely
has a fever.
-Maddy, come on.
You really need meat,
just wait.
Lock the door.
Lock it.
[smoke detector beeping]
-Why won't it switch off?
-Ugh!
Oh, pooh!
Oh!
-Uh, I think the burgers
are done.
-Oh!
[growling]
-You knew Maddy fancied
me, didn't you?
-Maddy, fancy you?
-She literally threw herself
at me, upstairs.
It's cool.
I know nothing's going to happen
between us, it's just--
hm.
Oh, hey.
He's so jealous.
-Jealous?
-That's what it's all about.
-Oh, you and Maddy.
-Oh, come on, Shan.
I know you girls talk about
that kind of stuff.
And I understand you keeping
Maddy's feelings a secret.
That's what friends do.
It's just nice to know that I'm
not invisible after all.
-Nice start up.
Where's the main course?
-Maddy's fixed.
-She's being sick.
-Oh, stop playing
games, you two.
I know what's going on.
Maddy, if you'd rather have
two boys fighting over you
than beast hunt with
me, well then you
should have just said.
Your stuff's out here, so
you might as well just
leave, right now.
-Right.
You're not going anywhere until
the coast is clear.
-What are you doing?
-Beast hunting.
-Well, what about the food?
Don't chuck it all out.
It's bait.
Ju-- look, why don't you two
just go and take Maddy home?
It's clearly what
you'd rather do.
-What did you say to her?
-I didn't say anything.
What did you say?
-Do you think she'll be
all right on her own?
I mean if the thing we
saw last month is
still out there, th--
-No.
Wait for me.
[knocking]
-Maddy, right now
is your chance.
OK?
Give us two minutes to leave.
Go straight home, all right?
Maddy?
-Yes!
-Maddy's taking herself home.
[growling]
-I need meat!
Meat, meat.
I need meat!
Meat!
-How long have you known
Maddy fancied me?
-Maddy doesn't fancy you.
-Whatever.
-Did you seriously think you
have a chance together?
-Of course not.
-Then what's your point?
-My point is you acting all
jealous, like you've got some
sort of claim on her.
-Fine.
You win.
I'm jealous.
Now can we focus on
Shannon please?
-100%.
Just wanted to here
you say it.
Ugh!
Aw, thistles, they're
everywhere.
-Thistles?
-Aw, man!
Thought it was my burger,
but it is sheep poop.
What are you doing?
-This is a good weapon,
just in case.
[wolf howling]
-It's behind us.
-Wuh--wuh-- where you going?
-Maddy.
-Yeah, Maddy's either at
home or at the house.
We need to go find Shannon.
-But I just--
-You're not getting
out of this now.
Maddy's safe.
She can take care of herself.
Come on.
-Meat!
Meat!
TOM [OFFSCREEN]: Shannon?
-Over here.
-Did hear that howl?
-I heard it.
-I hope it's not stalking us.
-Why aren't you taking
Maddy home?
-What?
And leave you to face the
beast on your own?
What kind of friends do
you think we are?
-Maddy's friends.
-She's really ill.
I think it was that
pill you gave her.
It's was about 10 years past
it's used by date.
-She's not faking it?
-No.
All she wanted was to
be here for you.
I was trying to stop her.
-Oh, I feel terrible, now.
-Can we focus on the
beast, please?
-All right.
Follow me.
-Follow you?
But he's following us.
-Maddy.
-This is perfect.
We are so going to see
the beast tonight.
-Meat!
Ugh!
-All right, stop!
-Did you hear that?
-Ugh!
-Is that you?
-Oh, very funny.
Hilarious.
You've scared the
beast off now.
-Sorry.
-Thanks a bunch.
[sneezing]
-Are you really going to spend
all night looking at these?
-I can't believe we didn't
get anything.
-There will be other
times, Shan.
-What were you doing
out there, anyway?
I thought you were supposed
to be ill.
-I didn't want to
let you down.
-How did you know
where we were?
-I didn't.
-I'm sorry, Maddy, for all
those mean things I said.
-I didn't have the best
reaction to that pill.
I mean, I don't remember
doing anything.
-So you don't remember throwing
yourself at Tom?
-Tom?
I threw myself at Tom?
-According to him, you did.
-Oh, my--
-Don't worry.
He was going on about how you
two will only ever be friends.
I think he was just glad
of the attention.
-Normal service has
been resumed.
We have toast and jam,
marmalade, peanut butter, slab
of ham, tomatoes, and cheese.
And I think that's it.
Oh, and Rhydian's
bringing drinks.
-I'll give him a hand.
A lucky break, huh?
-You could say that.
-I can still taste
the thistle root.
-I had no choice.
-I know.
Thanks.
-Still can't spill the beans.
-No.
Not now.
Shannon's happy.
-Yeah, so is Tom.
He thinks I'm, uh, jealous
of you and him.
-Oh yeah?
-Don't push your luck, Maddy.
-Sorry.
It's just really good to be
normal again, doing normal
gossipy things, with
normal people.
-There's nothing normal
about your friends.
[theme music]